Added Quick Start. (#1336)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/quickstart/pages/quickstart-install-suma-proxy.adoc

// HW and SW Requirements from the snippet
include::snippets/sw_hw_requirements.adoc[]

== Install {susemgr} Proxy

This guide shows you how to install and configure a single {susemgr} Proxy for x86-64 architecture from the SUSE Linux Enterprise installation media with the Unified Installer.

.Procedure: Installing {susemgr} Proxy with the Unified Installer

. To boot the Unified Installer from the installation image, you might need to adjust the boot order in the BIOS.
. When prompted, select [guimenu]``Installation``.
// +
// image::unifiedinstaller-install.png[scaledwidth=80%] (this image is with server selected.
. In the [guimenu]``Language, Keyboard and Product Selection`` screen, check the [guimenu]``SUSE Manager Proxy`` checkbox, and click bb
tn:[Next].
+
image::unifiedinstaller-proxy.png[scaledwidth=80%]
. Read and agree to the End User Licence Agreement, and click btn:[Next].
. In the [guimenu]``Registration`` screen, check the [guimenu]``Register System via scc.suse.com`` checkbox, enter your {scc} credentii
als, and click btn:[Next].
. In the [guimenu]``Available Extensions and Modules`` screen, select any extensions or modules you require, and click btn:[Next].

>     [systemitem]``Basesystem``, [systemitem]``SUSE Manager Proxy``, and [systemitem]``Server Applications`` are pre-selected and mandaa
> tory for the {productname} Proxy installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [systemitem]``Basesystem``, [systemitem]``SUSE Manager Proxy``, and [systemitem]``Server Applications`` are pre-selected and mandatory for the {productname} Proxy installation.
```
Beware of cats conquering your keyboard `;-)`

>     OPTIONAL: In the following [guimenu]``Add On Product`` screen, select any additional or add-on products you require, and click btnn
> :[Next].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    OPTIONAL: In the following [guimenu]``Add On Product`` screen, select any additional or add-on products you require, and click btn:[Next].
```
again `;)`
